Update usage limit (#1870)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.15/reference/rbac.md

sensuctl namespace list
{{< /highlight >}}

> _NOTE: For users with a commercial license,`sensuctl namespace list` will list only the namespaces that the current user has access to._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE: For users on supported Sensu Go distributions,`sensuctl namespace list` will list only the namespaces that the current user has access to._
```
